# End to End Chatbot with ML Model
## Overview
An End to End Chatbot that is deployed can handle conversations from start to finish on its own, without human interference. What makes it end to end is that the chatbot will be deployed to a web application with an interface that is pre-designed. In this project, I made use of the NLTK NLP Toolkit to handle user requests and a Logistic Regression Linear ML model and a TfidVectorizer for text feature extraction. This chatbot will be able to display personal insensitive information about Me, it is some sort of an owner-introducing bot. I deployed the chatbot using two methods: the ```streamlit``` library and ```dash``` framework. To run the deployed program using streamlit, enter the command ```streamlit run main.py``` and you can start chatting with the bot. For the dash framework, run the program ad the web application overview will automatically be displayed. Another added feature for the dash framework is the ability to save chat history.
## Data
The array of dictionaries ```intents``` serve as a dataset for the NLP vectorizer and ML model training. Each dictionary in the array intents consists of keys (tags) and possible patterns and responses. Once the chatbot detects a specific tag/key from the possible patterns given, it will randomly pick a pre-defined response, given that there are more than one pre-defined responses. Through the help of the vectorizer, the chatbot can detect features and patterns from the input text so that even if it's different from the pre-defined patterns, it can still attain the correct tag.
## Conclusion
Thorough execution and deployment of the program has proved that the ML algorithm and vectorizer is sufficiently powerful to detect text features from the input. With many different questions, the chatbot was able to give an appropriate response, given that the questions were relevant. Further improvements to this project could include more detailed added intents, or using LLMs to fully automate the responses without the need for intents and possible responses. Further improvements could also include a more attractive web application user interface, build on the existing dash code or streamlit code, or deploying the program on a completely different framework.

